Docs: add timeout troubleshooting macOS section in E2E README (#1993)
input-output-hk/mithril: mithril-test-lab/mithril-end-to-end/README.md

Once saved, you need to reload your shell profile. Execute source $HOME/.bashrc or source $HOME/.zshrc (depending on the shell application you use).

> #### Troubleshoot Cardano node timeout errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Troubleshoot Cardano node timeout errors on macOS
```

Sometimes, the default parameter values used to run the end to end test may not be suitable for macOS environments, causing the following error:

```bash
>>>> Timeout: node-pool1 has not enough immutable files within 100 attempts
```

> The default parameters related to Cardano slot length can cause the end-to-end test to run too quickly. Increasing their values helps slow down the process and improve stability. In this case, you can add `--cardano-slot-length 0.25` to the run command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value of the **Cardano slot length** parameter can prevent the Cardano nodes to work properly in the `devnet`. Increasing the value helps improve the stability: you can add `--cardano-slot-length 0.25` to the run command:
```
